(bright playful music)
(lasers whooshing)
(soft bright music)
(lively upbeat music)
[Narrator] In the year 2020 CE
the human world is
connected by a network.
That network is inhabited
by an unknown life form
called Digimon.
(lively upbeat music)
(dramatic upbeat music)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(gentle upbeat music)
Darkness has started
making its move
and the Celestial
Digimon must stop it.
As they learn of their mission
Tai's party is targeted
by a swarm of Digimon.
(laser zapping)
(suspenseful music)
Danger also closes in on Izzy
who is moving
through the network.
At that moment, Tentomon
evolves into Kabuterimon
and succeeds in protecting Izzy.
(suspenseful music)
(upbeat music)
Tai's party who also escaped
attack set out to cross the sea
to the continent where the
Celestial Digimon awaits.
(gentle upbeat music)
Hmm, where's the sea?
Hmm.
(gentle music)
(birds chirping)
"We have 72 hours until
Tokyo comes to a total stop."
How long has it already
been since he said that?
(Tai screams)
It's no use, we can't
see it from here.
I know.
(Tai stomach rumbles)
Whoa.
I second that, I'm hungry too.
(Agumon stomach rumbles)
[Both] Huh?
(Agumon sighs)
So Digimon's stomachs are
louder than people's stomachs?
I admit I'm starving too.
We're gonna have to find
ourselves some food and soon.
-Yeah.
-Hey, wait.
(whimsical music)
Something over there
smells delicious.
(Agumon and Biyomon
laughing excitedly)
-Whoa.
-Those look so yummy.
(gentle upbeat music)
Could that be?
(Mimi snickering)
(gentle upbeat music)
-(group screaming)
-(suspenseful music)
They all fell for it.
(suspenseful music)
That'll teach you,
you fruit thieves.
(suspenseful music)
(Tanemons chittering)
Looks like we've been
caught in somebody's trap.
Yeah, right, but caught by what?
They're Tanemon.
(Tanemons chittering)
Hey wait a second, guys
We haven't done anything wrong.
Oh, yes you have.
You came over here and
were gonna steal our fruit.
Let's see what you
caught, Palmon.
(all gasping)
All fruit thieves
deserve punishment
and you're no different.
[All] Are you human?
Huh?
(tense upbeat music)
(Tanemons squeaking excitedly)
Welcome strangers
to Mimi's Kingdom.
This place is your kingdom?
And who exactly are you?
Oh, right, I forgot.
I haven't properly
introduced myself, have I?
My name is Mimi Tachikawa
and this is my garden.
It's true,
I'm the kind and wise queen
of this beautiful kingdom.
(Tanemons squeaking excitedly)
How did she become the queen?
And this is Palmon,
my devoted butler.
Pleased to meet you all.
But I'm still suspicious
you're with Tuskmon.
Are you telling me you're not?
Who's Tuskmon?
I've heard about Tuskmon,
aren't they those big
and nasty dino thingies?
They do not have good
manners, that's true.
Well, that's good enough for me.
Let's just say it was
a misunderstanding
and it's all cleared up.
So, next question.
What did you all come here
for if it wasn't fruit?
(Tai chuckles sheepishly)
Well, the truth is
we seem to have gotten
ourselves a little bit lost.
Oh, lost, huh?
(gentle suspenseful music)
Oh, no, looks like the damage
is spreading really fast.
And plus, wait what's this?
Really?
You're searching for something
called the Celestial Digimon?
'Cause I think I heard a voice
saying something like
that name a while ago
when I was taking a nap.
[All] Huh?
Where did you hear it from?
I think it was coming
out of this thing.
(all gasping)
Check it out, Mimi here is
just like the rest of us.
Digi-Destined.
How about that?
Wait, what Digi-Destined?
No, no, no, not now.
I don't wanna know, just
forget I even asked.
I've got no time 'cause I
have to protect Mimi's kingdom
and fight off fruit
thieves day and night.
It's tough, but it's my job.
[Palmon] That's right.
That's why she's the
queen of our kingdom.
[All] Huh?
[Izzy] Tai, come in,
we have an emergency.
Hey, I didn't know
you could use these
things like a smartphone.
(Sora chuckles)
So, Izzy what's the emergency?
[Izzy] Watch this video
first, then I'll explain.
[Tai] A video?
But the picture is not moving.
[Izzy] That's what
I thought it first
when I tried to watch it here.
But wait, look closely.
(gentle suspenseful music)
Huh?
Yeah, I see it.
Watch his arm and the
sticky he's holding.
[Tai] Oh, yeah, it's
moving but super slow.
Hey, you're right.
It's like it's in slow
motion or something.
No, it's not.
That's what I thought at first
and I can't explain
it completely
but one thing I know for
sure from studying this video
is that time seems to
flow at different speeds
between our world and
the Digital World.
But how does that work?
(gentle dramatic music)
(dramatic music)
-(Tuskmon growling)
-(upbeat dramatic music)
Find me the children.
Is that really true?
That's so weird.
How could time go a different
speed here than in our world?
You sure?
I haven't been able
to verify it yet
but I'm pretty sure I'm right.
What we saw before was just
the surface of this world.
I'm starting to think
this whole region
is beyond the
knowledge of mankind
or whoever it was who
originally created the network.
The deeper you go, the
greater the timeline
between the digital
world and our world.
And not only that, I
believe our Digivices
must have been fixing
that lag somehow
to enable two-way communication
or we'd never be able to talk
to each other in real time.
So Izzy, about that
time difference?
Since the video you showed us
looks like it's running slow
then for us here,
does that mean?
Yeah, compared to the time
passing in the digital world,
where you are now,
time in our world
is moving so slowly
it looks like it's frozen.
So, sounds like Mimi's been
here for a long time already.
But in human world time,
she was actually
transported to this world
just a little while
before we were.
I guess you're probably
right about that.
I think this is good news.
Because now it looks
like we have more time
than we thought we did at first.
But still...
Right, we still
have to move fast.
-Here. (Digivice beeps)
-[All] Huh?
Please, take a look at this.
I've encoded that news video
so you guys can watch
it on your side.
Huh, I think he's
talking about our town.
The power failure in the
city continues to spread
and authorities so far
have no explanations.
In response, the government
has begun setting up
mobile power generators
at hospitals,
broadcasting stations,
and other essential facilities.
Whoa.
As you can see the
damage is already bad
and it's still spreading.
Oh, poor Tokyo.
I had no idea the city
was in such trouble.
[Newscaster] The
mobile power generators
are apparently being lent out
by certain companies
free of charge.
Huh, my grandpa.
That guy is your grandpa?
Hey, I've seen him.
That mans the Chairman of
Tachikawa Heavy Industries.
He's the Chairman.
This isn't the time to be
concerned about company profits.
I just want to do whatever
I can to help out right now
as I think we all should.
Oh, grandpa.
He's right I need to think about
what I can do to help out too.
It disappeared.
Grandpa, I see how
hard you're working.
(somber music)
(Tanemon squeaking)
But right now, I have all these
little guys to think about.
They're my kingdom.
And the job I've taken on here,
protecting them from bad guys
is what's most important.
(Tanemon cheering)
That's right.
And our kingdom's queen
would never just abandon us.
(Tanemon cheering)
Listen Mimi,
aagh, I mean queen
how about the four of
us join up with you
against those bad guys?
Let us help you out and we can
get rid of 'em all together.
What?
We all to help you protect them?
Just think how
much more we can do
if we all fight together.
I'll fight on your side too.
You would all fight to
protect me and my kingdom?
We all gotta do
whatever we can, right?
(Mimi whimpers)
[Mimi] Okay, then
you're number 72.
Huh?
[Mimi] And you're Number 73.
I'm what?
You are all hereby
named servants
of Mimi's happy Kingdom.
(Sora gasps)
(Tanemon cheering)
(Tai gasps)
(gentle lilting music)
(tense dramatic music)
(Tanemon squeaking)
They're here.
Six Tuskmon here, eh.
Well, we're gonna capture
those nasty fruit thieves
for good this time.
(tense dramatic music)
(Ogremon laughs menacingly)
Attack!
(tense dramatic music)
-All right.
-Yeah.
We got two of them.
That's start for sure.
(tense dramatic music)
The rest are going around,
how are we ever
gonna stop them now?
(tense dramatic music)
I've got an idea, come on.
Right.
We're all counting on you.
(Tanemon cheering)
(Ogremon growling)
(tense dramatic music)
(Tai and Agumon panting)
(Tuskmon growling)
Agumon!
Leave it to me.
(bright energetic music)
Agumon.
Digivolve to.
(bright energetic music)
(upbeat dramatic music)
Greymon.
(Tuskmon growling)
(Greymon roars ferociously)
(suspenseful music)
(Greymon groans)
Greymon!
Nova Blast!
Sounds like it started.
Wait, what's that thing?
(Palmon gasps)
Biyomon.
Mm.
Only two more to go.
(Tuskmon growling)
(Greymon roars ferociously)
(dramatic upbeat music)
This is not good.
Greymon!
Huh?
No way.
(dramatic upbeat music)
[Birdramon] Meteor Wing.
All right, Birdramon.
(dramatic upbeat music)
You go get him, Birdramon.
You guys totally got this.
(dramatic upbeat music)
(Mimi whimpers)
Are you worried?
Huh?
A little bit, I guess.
Don't be scared.
I'll protect you no
matter what my queen.
(Mimi giggles)
(ground quakes)
(all screaming)
(machine drilling)
What is that?
(Ogremon laughs menacingly)
-(tense menacing music)
-(all whimpering)
(Tanemon screaming)
Looks like it's time for
my poison ivy attack.
(dramatic upbeat music)
(Mimi screams)
Palmon?
(Palmon howls)
(tense menacing music)
The children.
Mimi, run away.
(tense menacing music)
What're you doing?
(dramatic upbeat music)
Mimi!
(Palmon yells)
Palmon! (screams)
(dramatic upbeat music)
(Greymon roars ferociously)
Five down and one to go.
(dramatic upbeat music)
(Tai screams)
That takes care of that problem.
All right, you
know what they say?
Teamwork makes the dream work.
(dramatic upbeat music)
(tense suspenseful music)
[Mimi] Palmon!
Oh, no.
What? (gasps)
(Palmon moans)
Mimi, you have to
get away from here.
No, I won't leave you.
But you're the one they're
after, save yourself.
Oh, Palmon.
These children are Digidestined.
Go before it's too late.
You have to get outta here.
There's no way
I'm gonna run away
and just leave you
behind, Palmon.
I could never do that to you.
(somber music)
When I first arrived here,
I was so lonely
and all by myself.
But then you found me and you
introduced me to the Tanemon
so that they'd be
my friends too.
This was all thanks
to you, Palmon.
Oh, Mimi.
That's why I could
never abandon you.
Oh, Mimi.
(Mimi sniffles)
Huh?
(whimsical music)
What's happening?
(Ogremon roars)
(gentle upbeat music)
Huh?
Palmon digivolve to
(high energy rock music)
(singing in Japanese)
Togemon!
Togemon?
So this is what
Palmon changes into.
This is digivolution.
Digivolution?
We'll see about that.
(Ogremon roars)
(singing in Japanese)
Thought you'd
sneak up on me, eh?
(Ogremon roars)
(singing in Japanese)
I got you covered.
Yeah, you get him Greymon.
(singing in Japanese)
(Greymon roars ferociously)
(Ogremon roars)
(singing in Japanese)
Way to go!
Yeah, but look.
(Tai gasps)
(high energy rock music)
Togemon!
(singing in Japanese)
Not bad.
Keep it up Togemon.
Needle Spray.
(music in foreign language)
Coconut Upper.
(singing in Japanese)
Whoa, knocked out cold.
(high energy rock music)
You okay, Mimi?
Man, that was intense.
(Sora and Tai gasping)
(gentle upbeat music)
Oh wow, you were amazing.
I'm just glad you're okay, Mimi.
-Palmon.
-Mimi.
(Mimi and Palmon
laughing happily)
(all laughing)
You know, I just love
you so so much Palmon.
Love you too just
as much, maybe more.
(Mimi and Palmon
sob emotionally)
(Ogremon groans)
(Ogremon screams angrily)
(gentle piano music)
Are you sure you
want to do this?
Yeah.
(Mimi sighs)
(gentle music)
After all, with your help we
finally got rid of the bad guys
who were attacking the
village and the Tanemon say
they can protect the kingdom
themselves from now on.
(gentle music)
And now, it's time to do
what I can do, right?
(gentle upbeat music)
(Palmon chuckles)
♪ We're fallen rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
(upbeat music)
[Narrator] Next time,
Tai crosses the sea
to the land where the
vicious Digimon lives
and where a new boy appears
to face this danger.
[Tai] Next time,
that boy is Joe Kido.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.